Split into backend and frontend (#6)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab-metadata-service: README.md

### Installation

This extension includes both a client-side JupyterLab extension and a server-side Jupyter notebook extension. Install these using the command line with

```bash
pip install jupyterlab-metadata-service
jupyter labextension install jupyterlab-metadata-service
```

If you are running Notebook 5.2 or earlier, enable the server extension by running

```bash
jupyter serverextension enable --py --sys-prefix jupyterlab-metadata-service
```

The latest versions of the following browsers are currently _known to work_:

- Firefox
- Chrome
- Safari

## Development

### Contributing

#### Backend Server

TODO: Write instructions for how to contribute to the backend server (e.g. how to run in development mode).

> #### Frontend Extension

Author: These instructions didn't work for me. maybe it is missing extra steps.

To contribute to the project, please read the [contributor documentation](CONTRIBUTING.md).

JupyterLab Metadata Service Extensions follows the Jupyter [Community Guides](https://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/community/content-community.html).

For a development install, do the following in the `frontend/` directory:
```bash
# If you don't yet have a conda environemnt for your work on this project, run these two commands:
conda create -n jlmeta -c conda-forge --override-channels nodejs jupyterlab
conda activate jlmeta

# Install JS dependencies:
jlpm install

# Register this extension with JupyterLab in development-mode:
jupyter labextension link .
```

Now you can run JupyterLab in auto-reload mode, like this:
```bash
jupyter lab --watch
```

If you modify the code in the `frontend/` folder, you'll have to rebuilt it (once rebuilt, JupyterLab will notice and do a partial re-build of itself, from the command above):
```bash
jlpm run build
```

If you don't want to run the above command every time you modify code, you can watch the source with the following command:
```bash
jlpm run watch
```

##### JupyterLab master

> To develop against an unreleased version of `JupyterLab` requires that you add this extension

Author: These instructions didn't work for me. maybe it is missing extra steps.

as a package inside the `jupyterlab` repo:

```bash
# clone metadata service
git clone git@github.com:jupyterlab/jupyterlab-metadata-service.git

# create JupyterLab dev environment
conda create -n jupyterlab-metadata-service -c conda-forge notebook
git clone https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab.git jupyterlab
cd jupyterlab
conda activate jupyterlab-metadata-service
pip install -e .

# Add metadata service frontend as sibling package
jlpm run add:sibling ../jupyterlab-metadata-service/frontend
cd packages/frontend
# build metadata frontend

> jlpm run build

Author: as we (@hoo761 ) were talking today, maybe this command should be run on the jupyterlab root folder (at least for the first time) to build also jupyterlab because without that it will raise errors.

Reviewer: Yeah it sounds reasonable to build jupyterlab core itself before running `add:sibling`

```

> Edit the files in the package in `./packages/jupterlab-commenting` and run `jupyter lab --watch --dev` in the 

Author: not sure if this instructions should be here @saulshanabrook any thoughts?

Reviewer: I put the wrong folder here. I fixed it below.

> Edit the files in the package in `./packages/jupterlab-commenting` and run `jupyter lab --watch --dev` in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the files in the package in `./packages/frontend` and run `jupyter lab --watch --dev` in the 
```
